Simplify source bidi isolation rules (#781)
unicode-org/message-format-wg: exploration/bidi-usability.md

actual contents.

This would change the ABNF as follows:
```abnf

> name           = (open-isolate name-body close-isolate) / name-body

Reviewer: This is a problem because `name` is used to build a variety of other constructs (`variable`, `reserved-keyword`, `identifier`, etc.). This change puts the isolates _inside_ these constructs, e.g. `$\u2066name\u2069` rather than on the outside.

This will make it harder for implementations, since they can't take the parsed token and compare it immediately. They have to stop to remove isolates. My original design avoided this problem by making the isolates not parse into names/identifiers/tokens.

By contrast, if users insert too many or the wrong controls using the recommended design,
the _message_ would still be functional and would emit no undesired characters.

### Loose isolation

Apply a slightly different set of bidi isolates.
The main differences to the proposed solution are:
1. The open/close isolate characters are not syntactically required to be paired.
   This avoids introducing parse errors for missing or required invisible characters,
   which would lead to bad user experiences.
2. Rather than patching the `name` rule with an optional trailing LRM/RLM/ALM,

>    allow for its proper isolation.

Reviewer: I wouldn't call what we did above "patching". What we allow above with the strongly directional marks is allow bidi users to include them (to make the string look okay in a normal text editor) the way they might normally do when editing text. The productions we used don't make these marks part of the token, so they don't affect processing.

Allowing isolation is a separate consideration.

Quoted patterns, quoted literals, and names may be isolated by LRI/RLI/FSI...PDI.
For names and quoted literals, the isolate characters are outside the body of the token,

> but for quoted patterns, the isolates are in the middle of the `{{` and `}}` characters.

Reviewer: "middle" could mean anywhere inside the pattern quotes.

```suggestion
but for quoted patterns, the isolates are in between the `{` and `}` in the `{{` and `}}` sequences.
```

This avoids adding a lookahead requirement for detecting a `complex-message` start,

> and differentiating a `quoted-pattern` from a `quoted` `key` in a `variant`.

Reviewer: Englishche-type nit...

```suggestion
and differentiates a `quoted-pattern` from a `quoted` `key` in a `variant`.
```

Expressions and markup may be isolated by LRI...PDI immediately within the `{` and `}`.

An LRI is allowed immediately after a newline outside patterns and within expressions.
This is intended to allow left-to-right representation for "code"
even if it contains a newline followed by content
that could otherwise prompt the paragraph direction to be detected as right-to-left.

```abnf
name           = [open-isolate] name-start *name-char [close-isolate]
quoted         = [open-isolate] "|" *(quoted-char / quoted-escape) "|" [close-isolate]

> quoted-pattern = "{" [open-isolate] "{" pattern "}" [close-isolate] "}"

Author: Yes, that's the intent: `{\u2066{`
